{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaSans;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaSans-Demi;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12640\viewh13440\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri-40\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Submission for the SuperCollider Symposium 2010:\
\

\f1\b\fs22 f(x)
\f0\b0\fs20  - an audiovisual performance (2010, duration varies)\
Alo Allik (Estonia)
\fs18 \
\
155 Exchange Rd\
West Bridgford\
Nottingham \
NG2 6DD\
UK\
\
http://tehis.net\
alo@tehis.net\
\

\fs20 DESCRIPTION: \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri-60\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 f(x) is an audiovisual exploration of 3-dimensional continuous spatial functions derived from the concept of continuous valued cellular automata. The functions form the basis for sound and visual synthesis mappings that create a complex and dynamic parameter network. The audio and the visuals are independent from each other both physically and conceptually and the reciprocal influence flows in boths ways in a non-linear manner. The spatial functions and visuals have been implemented as a separate Cocoa OpenGL application. The segmentation of the visual space and acoustic time is controlled in the performance by affecting the behavior of the automata world in real time to reveal the complex, organic three-dimensional patterns that emerge and modifying the mapping space in response to them. \
\
This piece can be performed on any configuration of speakers, from stereo to 3-dimensional surround, and can be of any duration between 10 to 30 minutes. \
\
Included file: fx_excerpt_lo.mov\
\
External link (for higher quality, approx. 100 MB): http://tehis.net/media/fx_excerpt_hi.m4v\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri-40\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs18 \cf0 \

\fs20 BIO:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri-40\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 Alo Allik (Estonia) has performed his compositions and live electronic music throughout the world including the U.S., the Netherlands, Germany, the U.K., Ireland, Hungary, and Mexico at a number of renowned festivals including Transmediale, NWEAMO, ICMC, Sonorities, Todays Arts, Ultrahang, State-X to mention just a few. His musically and geographically nomadic lifestyle has taken him through diverse musical worlds including underground drum and bass dj-ing in the Pacific Northwest, live electronic jams at the New York Share digital community, electroacoustic composition at the Sonology department in the Netherlands, and improv jazz scene in Dublin. He belongs to the multimedia collective ibitsu and has worked with a number of diverse sound and visual artists throughout his career. Alo has been hooked on SuperCollider for over 10 years and is currently working on his Ph.D. in the UK.\
}